Update README with information about End of Cycle feature flags (#428)
DFE-Digital/find-teacher-training: README.md

bundle exec scss-lint app/webpacker/styles
```

## End of cycle feature flags

#### 1. 'Nearing end of cycle' interim page
Turning this flag on redirects requests from '/' to '/cycle-ending-soon'.

To enable this feature locally, add the following to `config/settings/development.local.yml`

```
cycle_ending_soon: true
```

To enable this feature on a deployed environment, the following environment variable needs to be updated to `true` in Azure.

```
SETTINGS__CYCLE_ENDING_SOON
```

#### 2. Disable 'apply for this course' button

> Turning this flag off removes the 'apply for this course button' on each course listing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Turning this flag off removes the ‘Apply for this course button’ on each course listing.
```

To disable this feature locally, add the following to `config/settings/development.local.yml`

```
display_apply_button: false
```

To disable this feature on a deployed environment, the following environment variable needs to be updated to `false` in Azure.

```
SETTINGS__DISPLAY_APPLY_BUTTON
```

> #### 3. 'Cycle has ended' interim page 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Enable ‘Cycle has ended’ interim page 
```

> Turning this flag on redirects all home, search, results and course page requests to '/cycle-has-ended'.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Turning this flag on redirects all home, search, results and course page requests to `/cycle-has-ended`.
```

To enable this feature locally, add the following to `config/settings/development.local.yml`

> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```yaml
```
